[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The most documented UFO
sighting of all time occurred
in December 1980 in Rendlesham
Forest next to Bentwaters Air
Force base in Suffolk, England.
The witnesses included base
commander Lieutenant Colonel
Charles Holt, US
servicemen John Burroughs,
and Sergeant Jim Penniston,
who took copious notes
and recently completed a
700-page book, "The Rendlesham
Enigma."
>> Since 1984, I have been
trying to understand what
happened at RAF Bentwaters
Woodbridge in England when
a group of various men
encountered various kinds
of lights in Rendlesham Forest.
And one of them, a man
named Jim Penniston,
who was a staff sergeant
back on the night of December
26th with John Burroughs,
they encountered a huge blast
of white light in the forest as
they were chasing lights that
were moving through the trees.
And then Jim said that,
out of that light,
there just seemed to pop in
a black, glassy triangle that
had symbols on it.
And when he touched the
symbols with his fingers,
he saw zeros and ones start
pouring into his mind.
Over the 30 some
years after that,
he had never told anyone about
zeros and ones and binary code.
But when he finally did start
talking about the binary code
and we started translating
it somewhere around 2010
for the first time in the
"Ancient Aliens" production
we were doing, it was a series
of words about, essentially,
humanity must
advance for survival.
That's what it seemed
to boil down to.
The period of the event
was in December of 1980.
We didn't learn about the
binary code until late 2010.
In the summer of 2015,
then five years later,
I get a notice that an
extraordinary case has emerged
out of the state of Georgia.
And when I got the
email saying that--
see if you can get in
touch with this Army guy.
It had a drawing, a
sketch of a huge sort
of oval, football-shaped
craft, and it
was identified as having
been drawn by a military guy.
And finally, when I did get
to talk with him, he said,
I can't let you
use my real name.
My family could be in jeopardy.
He said, I'm still active Army.
And the only way that
I can talk to you
is if you can alter my voice.
And he said, you
have to show me.
And he said, we have
to do a trial audio,
and then you alter
it, and then I'll
tell you if I think it works
because I'll lose my job.
Well, we did.
I got it altered.
Then we did a long
interview that started
in Savannah, Georgia area.
He was with his wife, two
kids, a dog, and a cat,
and they were packing to leave
and move from Hunter Airfield
to go to a new assignment
in Fort Carson in Colorado.
And his wife and he had decided
they would travel at night when
it was cool and then they
would sleep in the day
and that that would be easier
on the children and the pets.
So it is now in the late
afternoon of June 28th, 2015.
And they get in the car.
And in his work, he
has been in the Army
for more than a decade.
And his job is one
where they count on him
to look at anything
that is in the sky
and tell them how big it is,
how high it is, whose it is.
This is what he does for a
living for the United States
Army.
And he uses global positioning
satellite information
all the time.
GPS, to him, is as common
as somebody else picking up
a pen and paper.
He programmed his GPS in their
truck to go up through Atlanta
and on up to Colorado, and
everything was in order,
and they get in, and he
and his wife had said,
we should be in Atlanta,
and they had an hour.
That would be in
the early morning.
And the next thing that
they both remember vividly--
they see a light up in the sky.
He's still driving.
The truck is moving.
And they both comment,
wow, that's a bright star.
[IMITATES WHOOSHING] Whatever
that bright star was,
it seemed to just literally pop
right in front of this truck,
causing him to move over to the
shoulder and stop the truck,
because what he and his wife,
who are not talking with each
other--
they are both staring at
what has now come down
on the road in front of them.
And in his Army
mind that is so used
to calculating
distances and sizes,
he says, this is at least
820 feet in diameter.
It was covering the entire
road and off to the sides.
And he and his wife later
would draw sketches.
And they both saw symbols
that were right along
under the center of an area
that the wife said she saw what
she thought were round lights.
And they don't really
fully understand
what happened because it reaches
a point where the whole thing--
820 feet-- just pops out
just like it popped in.
He comes to like he is numb,
fuzzy headed, starts the truck.
They start driving.
He's going straight on
the road that they're
on because he's just trying
to move on the street.
And in about five minutes,
they come to a little store.
And he pulls in.
It has gas pumps.
He had looked at his watch,
and he knew, as a military guy,
that this thing had
popped in at 1:24 AM.
And it appeared to have
popped out at 1:29 AM.
He knew that it's now
at least 1:35-1:45.
And he goes to
open up the truck.
And he said, Linda, I
had to lean on the door
because I started to
try to move my legs.
I couldn't move my legs.
My entire body felt like I had
turned in to wet spaghetti.
He said, I literally
fell out of the truck,
hanging on to the door, trying
to make my legs move, thinking,
what has happened?
What is happening to us?
He said, my wife was sitting
in a kind of numb situation.
We weren't talking
to each other.
And he said, I felt like I
was sort of drunk and numb.
We hadn't had anything to drink.
And I knew that
something had happened
with that big thing on the
road, but I didn't know what.
And he said I, finally could
start to feel in my legs.
And I start to walk.
And Linda, I couldn't even--
I was stumbling.
Somebody watching me would
have thought I was drunk.
And I get to the glass door in
this gas station little store,
and I get in there,
and I got some water,
and I got some
stuff for the kids
and for my wife and me
and the cat and the dog.
And I looked at the receipt.
And the receipt said,
Wadley, Georgia.
Wadley, Georgia?
That's 90 degrees
off of the route
from where we were in
Savannah going up to Atlanta.
How could we be in
Wadley, Georgia?
And he gets back to the truck,
and he explains to his wife,
I don't know what is happening.
And they go down the
road a little bit more,
trying to see if there
is an interstate.
And he realizes, we're
in rural Georgia.
This has nothing to do
with any freeway, highway--
how did we get off?
He does a U-turn.
He finally gets back
on the interstate.
And by sunup, they
get to a motel
that is outside of
Atlanta, Georgia, which
is where they wanted to go.
He said, they're exhausted.
The kids immediately
go to sleep.
The cat and dog goes to sleep.
His wife goes to sleep.
And he knew that when he
got into bed that there was
something-- he was troubled.
He thinks fitful dreams.
The very next conscious moment--
he said, imagine
you've gone to bed
and you know that you
have been on a pillow.
But when you open
up your eyelids--
I had my right arm
against the door jamb
of the bathroom in the motel.
My left arm is holding
the receipt, an 8 and 1/2
by 11 receipt that we got.
In this hand, I have
a ballpoint pen.
In this hand, the receipt
has, completely covering
most of it, zeros and ones.
And I'm looking at
my own handwriting,
and the zeros and ones trail
off to a WTF, what the--
and he said, I can't move.
I do not know what is happening.
Well, by the time that
he and I got to talk,
he was willing to send me
not only those zeros and ones
but other zeros and ones that he
had gotten for a period of time
after this strange event.
And I began to see
that what we had here
might be like Jim
Penniston at RA Bentwaters
when he was in
Rendlesham Forest.
If this is now another military
person getting a binary code
download, then I've got
to try to translate it.
And when I went to a
retired Navy captain
and to a geneticist
scientist in Australia who
is really good with
binary code, they
both did binary
code translations.
And here is what came into
this Army sergeant's mind
from whatever occurred between
the 820 foot diameter disk
that stopped them in
that road and they find
they're in Wadley, Georgia.
Remember I said that
Jim Penniston had
a theme that humanity
had to advance
and that there was some
kind of need to have
people have a
broader consciousness
in order to survive.
Here is what I call Sergeant CJ.
Here is the translation
from his experiences
getting binary code in
his mind from June 30th
until January of 2016.
For a period of time, he was
waking up many different nights
writing down zeros
and ones in a notebook
that he kept by his bed, and
this is how they translated--
"continuous protection
of humanity,
49.27 north, 11.5 east.
Expose hidden knowledge
to all citizens.
Advancement imperative
for planetary survival.
Beware of Orion 1350.3
and Zeta Reticuli 39.170.
Avoid signal messages sent."
What we found is that a void
signal messages appeared
to be you're sending
out radio signals
and it's going to possibly
put you in danger.
You should not be sending
out messages into the cosmos
from Earth.
Beware of Orion 1350--
turns out that that is exactly
the number of light years
that would be equivalent from
here to Orion and Zeta Reticuli
one and two is 39.7 light years.
So this is a message in binary
that actually has the lightyear
distances of Orion and
Zeta Reticuli embedded
in the binary.
And then, when you
get to that first line
about continuous protection of
humanity, 49.27 north and 11.5
east, when you look up
that latitude/longitude,
it is Nuremberg, Germany.
And I remember seeing that
for the very first time--
Nuremberg, Germany, continuous
protection of humanity?
I think World War II and
the horror of World War II
and how the International
Court was held in Nuremberg.
But if you go back
to the 1500s, it
is also Nuremberg that is
famous for a woodcut that
was done of a variety of
UFOs in various shapes
fighting each other,
where it shows
that some UFOs are crashing,
and it's a famous woodcut.
What is the link between
timelines on Earth, timelines
of something that may be
coming from other dimensions
and possibly from inside this
universe that could communicate
to us latitudes, longitudes, and
information that seems to tie
together, like a weaving, past
history events, present events,
and implying that there
is danger in a future
if humans do not
advance more quickly?
When we go to the rest of the
binary translation for Sergeant
CJ, "imminent threat
soon upon Earth's
leaders and civilizations.
Expose and disband hidden
knowledge to all citizens.
Employ safe and controlled
joint study to all minds.
Progression imperative
for combined survival.
The idea here is that if
we don't get the truth out
and share it to the
whole human family,
we end up being threatened
by something because we
will be left in ignorance.
It's essentially
what Jim Penniston
received in Rendlesham in 1980.
And then it goes on into a
very interesting paragraph
that says, "Royal
Emerther--" Emerther
has been a name
assigned to a very
specific type of tall gray
humanoid over the decades--
very mysterious.
"Royal Emerther warning-- expose
foreign technology to all.
Evolutionary advancement
needed to prevent takeover."
Takeover by what?
This leads to a very interesting
issue that comes up now
with all of the military
people who have been exposed
to UFOs and ETs in their work
or to people like Sergeant CJ
and Jim Penniston, a
staff sergeant in 1980
in RAF Bentwaters
Rendlesham Forest.
And that appears to be a
theme that also has come up
in remote viewers who have
worked for the Defense
Intelligence Agency in the
Central Intelligence Agency,
that the universe is
teeming with life,
it is way past time for
humanity on this planet
to be told the truth, and that,
in all of this life that fills
this universe, there are
allies and there are enemies
and that we humans
on this planet
would not have survived if we
did not have allies who wanted
us to survive, have protected
us from those who might
want to see us gone from Earth.
And that is a theme that
I have encountered now
in my professional career
over and over since 1979--
trying to get to the bottom
of the truth about animal
mutilations, human abductions,
government cover-up,
policies of denial, and why
we, as a 7.2 billion population
on Earth of Homo
sapien sapiens--
right now, we've got
all kinds of programs
that are going to be
taking people to the moon
and to Mars and beyond while
we humans are being kept
dumb and blind by
our political leaders
and a 1% dominance
on this planet that
might be related to a secret war
that is going on between allies
trying to help us and enemies
that want to destroy us.
[MUSIC PLAYING]